# Lanny Heidbreder's starter Zen 7.x-3.x subtheme

This is a Drupal 7 theme that inherits from Zen 7.x-3.x. It has a couple of features from 7.x-5.x grafted in, but for the most part it eschews the ~~massive amounts of pre-written SCSS~~ extra features provided in Zen 5.

## Features

In `scss/` you'll find my normal stylesheet structure. Most of the files are only imported into other files and not linked directly in the HTML; these "partials" have names beginning with underscores, as is the Sass convention. 

Of particular note is the `scss/base` folder. `_base.scss` is the file you want to import; the other files are imported into that one, and have *two* leading underscores to represent this.

Be sure to also see `scss/base/README.md` for more info on the files there.

The `template.php` file does a few things by default:

- Gets rid of the "(All day)" suffix on `date_all_day` dates
- Modifies the site logo HTML element depending on whether the front page is
  being viewed
- Puts `id="paragraph-%pid` on all Paragraph entities
- Adds node__VIEW_MODE and node__NODE_TYPE__VIEW_MODE template suggestions
- Fixes some `field_collection` theming issues with bundle/field name
  collisions
- Removes ugly "See map:" text from `location` module map links
- Grafts in some local task tab functionality from `zen-7.x-5.x`

There are also helper functions and dormant hook implementations in `template.inc` to do a few things:

- Extract a single field value from an entity object (needs work)
- Make `location` module proximity searches more user friendly
- Wrap `menu_block` submenus in an additional div
- Make SVGs generated by Adobe Illustrator directly embeddable into HTML
- Construct grammatically pleasing "Empty result" text in Views with date
  contextual filters
- Stop Drupal's default behavior of automatically expanding the children of
  menu links pointing to the currently-viewed page
- Add classes to Views list containers (&lt;ul&gt;, &lt;ol&gt;) denoting how
  many rows are within
- Add a notice to the bottom of the final page of a paginated View

## TODO/FIXME

Back when I used the `less` Drupal module, I had a PHP function that did some overcomplicated calculations to generate responsive breakpoints and other variables, and injected them into both Less and JavaScript. I've since abandoned less.module in favor of Sass with CodeKit, but I don't have a foolproof way of syncing those values between SCSS and JS yet, so there is some duplication there.

## Usage

This theme is set up to work with the Mac app CodeKit. If you are not using CodeKit, you can delete the config.codekit file and be on your way. If you *are* using CodeKit, it is very important that, when setting up this theme, you follow these steps in this order:

1. Copy the folder to a new folder with the correct name of your new theme.
2. **Immediately** open the theme in CodeKit as a new project. This way, all the subsequent filename changes will be registered by CodeKit.
3. Now batch rename all files called `copy_me.*` to `[yourthemename].*`.
4. Globally find and replace all instances of `copy_me` in all theme files to `[yourthemename]`.
5. Edit the friendly title and description in `[yourthemename].info`.